Document the /v4/deployments API. (#860)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/api/v1/api-docs-mdx/endpoints/deployments.mdx

  />
</Example>

<Endpoint method="GET" url="/v4/now/deployments" />

List deployments under the account corresponding to the API token.

> If a deployment hasn't finished uploading (is incomplete), the `url` property will have a value of `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a deployment has not finished uploading (is incomplete), the `url` property will have a value of `null`.
```

#### Request Query Parameters

The response of this API can be controlled with the following query parameters. All of them are optional.

| Key            | Description                                                                                                |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **limit**      | No of deployments to limit for a single request. (default: 5, max: 100)                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **limit**      | Maximum number of deployments to list from a request. (default: 5, max: 100)                                    |
```

> | **from**       | Get the deployment created after this timestamp. (default: current time)                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **from**       | Get the deployment created after this [Date](#api-basics/types) timestamp. (default: current time)                                   |
```

> | **projectId**  | Filter deloyments from the given projectId.                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **projectId**  | Filter deployments from the given `projectId`.                                                                |
```

> | **meta-[KEY]** | Filter deployments by the given meta key value pairs. eg: <InlineCode>meta-githubDeployment=1</InlineCode> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **meta-[KEY]** | Filter deployments by the given meta key value pairs. e.g., `meta-githubDeployment=1`. |
```

    <Cell>
      A string with the current deployment state, it could be one of the
      following <InlineCode>DEPLOYING</InlineCode>,{' '}
      <InlineCode>DEPLOYMENT_ERROR</InlineCode>, <InlineCode>BOOTED</InlineCode>,{' '}
      <InlineCode>BUILDING</InlineCode>, <InlineCode>READY</InlineCode>, <InlineCode>
        BUILD_ERROR

>       </InlineCode> or <InlineCode>FROZEN</InlineCode>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      </InlineCode>, or <InlineCode>FROZEN</InlineCode>.
```

      <InlineCode>STATIC</InlineCode>.
    </Cell>
  </Row>
  <Row>
    <BoldCell>meta</BoldCell>
    <TypeCell>Map</TypeCell>

>     <Cell>A map containing all the deployment metadata.</Cell>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <Cell>A map containing all deployment metadata.</Cell>
```

    <Cell>
      A string with the current deployment state, it could be one of the
      following: <InlineCode>DEPLOYING</InlineCode>,{' '}
      <InlineCode>DEPLOYMENT_ERROR</InlineCode>, <InlineCode>BOOTED</InlineCode>,{' '}
      <InlineCode>BUILDING</InlineCode>, <InlineCode>READY</InlineCode>, <InlineCode>
        BUILD_ERROR

>       </InlineCode> or <InlineCode>FROZEN</InlineCode>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      </InlineCode>, or <InlineCode>FROZEN</InlineCode>.
```
